---
layout: post
title: "Contact Us"
description: "Contact and recruitment information"
contact: true
category: misc
tags: []
---

{% include JB/setup %}

<a class="anchor" id="contact"></a>

<div class="bigtitle text-center">Contact Us</div>
<div class="bigspacer"></div>

### Email

[neurolab@fiu.edu](mailto:neurolab@fiu.edu)

### Phone

(305) 348-0464

### Mailing Address

11200 SW 8th ST
Florida International University
Academic Health Center 4 Room 380
Miami, Florida 33199

On the [map], Academic Health Center (AHC) 4 is the rectangular building under the marker. Our lab is on the third floor, in the western side of the building.

[map]: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Academic+Health+Center+4,+Miami,+FL+33174/@25.7593031,-80.3744721,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x88d9bf2e7705ee3f:0x3581f2208ba26078!8m2!3d25.7592828!4d-80.3723193

<hr/>

<a class="anchor" id="join"></a>

<div class="bigtitle text-center">Join the Team</div>
<div class="bigspacer"></div>

The Neuroinformatics and Brain Connectivity Laboratory is always looking for interested students and personnel to join the team.
**We are currently recruiting graduate students for the 2024-2025 academic year.**
More information on our training opportunities can be found below.

# Graduate Students

Located in Miami, [FIU](https://www.fiu.edu) is Florida’s fastest growing public research university, the fourth largest university in the nation, and one of the nation’s largest Hispanic-Serving Institutions.

At FIU, the Neuroinformatics and Brain Connectivity (NBC) Laboratory, directed by Dr. Angela Laird (Department of Physics) and Dr. Matthew Sutherland (Department of Psychology), provides students with a truly interdisciplinary training environment. The NBC Lab uses functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI), combined with functional connectivity, meta-analysis, and neuroinformatics approaches, to study the functional organization of the human brain. Our work focuses on understanding brain function in the context of substance use, adolescent development, and educational learning. To achieve these goals, we embrace open science principles and adopt best practices to promote reproducible neuroimaging results. Funded through grants from the NIH, the NBC Laboratory is seeking talented and energetic individuals to join the group.

We are currently accepting students enrolled in FIU's **Ph.D. Program in Cognitive Neuroscience** or the **Ph.D. Program in Physics**. Applications to FIU's Cognitive Neuroscience Ph.D. program are due December 1. Applications to FIU's Ph.D program in Physics are due February 15. Additional information about the Ph.D. program in Cognitive Neuroscience for the upcoming academic year is available [here](http://cn.fiu.edu). Applicants to the Ph.D. program in Physics may learn more at the program's [website](https://case.fiu.edu/physics/phd-in-physics/index.html). **Before submitting an application, please email Drs. Laird or Sutherland to discuss your research interests and career goals and learn more about the work our lab is doing.**

# Undergraduate Students

Students interested in learning more about cognitive neuroimaging can get started in our [recommended reading folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B543K-QXbp21cTV0RjNoNUtMWnM?usp=sharing).

If you would like to learn more about our lab, we encourage you to take a look at:

- our [recent papers](https://nbclab.github.io/papers/) and [presentations](https://nbclab.github.io/talks/)
- our [GitHub page](https://github.com/NBCLab)
- our [Lab Handbook](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12QHTfVnjxmVAk9pki2hhspnFJB7QeDR3scstHV8KE_c/edit).

Undergraduate students working in the NBC Lab may contribute to one of several ongoing projects. These research activities may include assisting with literature searches, and/or the collection, processing, analysis of MRI data, or assisting with training adult and child participants at FIU’s Center for Imaging Science. As this typically necessitates extensive training, a commitment of at least three semesters is needed to take full advantage of these research opportunities. Such training is geared to those students who wish to pursue graduate training in the field of cognitive neuroscience.

Interested students should review the [application instructions](/assets/files/applications/nbclab-app-instructions-2024.pdf) and then [submit an application](https://tally.so/r/wMz9Wp). Please review the above lab materials before applying to ensure that our lab’s work aligns with your research interests. **We recommend that you provide as much detail as possible in your application about you and your interests, referencing our current projects when possible, and use as much space as you need.** We receive many applications each semester and any additional information can be helpful to us in evaluating your application to determine the best fit for you on our projects.

<hr/>

<a class="anchor" id="participate"></a>

<div class="bigtitle text-center">Participate in a Study</div>
<div class="bigspacer"></div>

We are enrolling participants in multiple research studies at any given time, each with different participation criteria. If you are interested in participating in a specific study, please see the project page, which will have a "Participation" section if we are recruiting participants. Otherwise, please feel free to contact us via email to learn about study participation.
